---
layout:     post
title:      "Announcing the first two talks of TetCon Saigon 2015"
date:       2014-12-14 12:00:00
author:     "Thai"
header-img: "img/index-bg.jpg"
---
<p>
Today on behalf of the review board I'm thrilled to announce the first two talks for TetCon Saigon 2015. Big thanks and shout out to everyone who submitted awesome talks.
</p>

<p>
The first talk is <a href="https://tetcon.org/saigon-2015/schedule/rosetta-flash.html">Rosetta Flash</a>, one of the most innovative web security researches of 2014. <a href="https://tetcon.org/saigon-2015/speakers/michele-spagnuolo.html">Michele Spagunolo</a>, a colleague of mine at Google, will show us an exploitation technique that combines JSONP and the previously unknown ability to craft alphanumeric only Flash files to allow exfiltration of data, effectively bypassing the Same Origin Policy on most websites, including but not limited to YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc. This is fascinating because it combines two otherwise harmless features together in a way that creates a vulnerability. Rosetta Flash proves us once again that plugins that run in the browser broaden the attack surface and oftentimes create entire new classes of attack vectors. Being a somehow unusual kind of attack, Rosetta also shows that it is not always easy to find what particular piece of technology is responsible for a security vulnerability. In this case, the problem could have been solved at different stages: while parsing the Flash file, paying attention not to be over-restrictive and avoid breaking legitimate SWF files generated by “exotic” compilers, by the plugin or the browser, for example with strict Content-Type checks (yet again, paying attention and taking into account broken web servers that return wrong content types), and finally at API level, by just prefixing anything to the reflected callback.
</p>

<p>
Duong "Kai" Pham will present the second talk on <a href="https://tetcon.org/saigon-2015/schedule/using-tls-correctly.html">using TLS correctly</a>. If Rosetta Flash is a cutting-edge research, Kai's talk will provide you with hands-on experiences that can be immediately deployed to secure your system. Duong found that most commercial banks in Vietnam are doing it wrong when it comes to deploying HTTPS websites, even after spending thousands of dollars per year on certificates and even more so on accelerators. He shows how to fix the issues, with a budget as little as $15 per year. If you run a HTTPS website, this talk is a must-see.
</p>

<p>
More talks are coming. Stay tuned and see you all at TetCon Saigon 2015!
</p>
